Prompt 1: "Create an accessible website that has these attributes:"
ChatGPT said:
ChatGPT
Sure! Could you please list the specific attributes you'd like the website to have? That way, I can guide you more effectively in creating it.

Prompt 2: It's responsive but the image gets a little smaller and I'd rather the textbox become longer than the image

You said:
Prompt 3: "Create a Navigation Bar add links to the Home, Hobbies, and Projects pages.

On the extreme right of the Navigation Bar add an icon, this can be an icon of your choice.

Add an image of yourself on the page.

Write a short description on the right of the image as shown.

Add a link to the Resume page below the description (this should take you to resume.html).

Add a footer with all social media links you would like to provide. Include at least one."

Prompt 2: Use a generative AI to generate a barebones HTML home page for your website. It should meet the following requirements

Create a Navigation Bar add links to the Home, Hobbies, and Projects pages.

On the extreme right of the Navigation Bar add an icon, this can be an icon of your choice.

Create a div that will contain all the cards for your hobbies.

Create a horizontal list of min 3 Cards, each representing one of your top interests. In each card, include an image that represents the interest, a title of the interest, and why you like the interest.

tip
Apply the concept of Grids to get the cards in a row.

Prompt 4: Create a framework for The Projects HTML page in your personal website would contains carousel with an image and a card on the image with the title and description. and include these attributes Create a Navigation Bar add links to the Home, Hobbies, and Projects pages.

On the extreme right of the Navigation Bar add an icon, this can be an icon of your choice.

Add at least 3 projects with images and description. These can be presented in a style of your choice.

Add a footer with all social media links you would like to provide. Include at least one.

Prompt 5: How do you allow the images to resize with the screen?

Prompt 6: Now how do you change the color of the side arrows to stand out from the picture?

Prompt 7: How do you add focus and hover to the 3 links of the navbar?

Image Sources: 
https://www.twoday.com/blog/bias-in-ai-can-lead-to-unfair-and-incorrect-decisions
https://www.theconstruct.ai/start-programming-drones-using-ros-video-answer/